hi I'm Ryan and my life is average so
recently I've been trying to think of
some new things that I haven't done yet
on my channel and I was going through
some of the comments and a bunch you
guys are saying hey you're pretty random
Ryan you should just go into omegle and
just say the first things that come to
your head so I figured you know what
why not so I present to you me going on
omegle and saying a bunch of random shit
to people and then seeing like 10,000
dicks it was pretty traumatizing so I
hope you enjoy here we go
why'd you give me the finger it's okay
oh okay alright did you swallow helium
are you from some Tim Burton film okay
well I'm terrified that is a nice chair
hey where'd you get that chair from nice
Hollister bro what's up dude this is
like an episode of goosebumps what's
happening Wow don't that's the worst
thing that could have ever happened into
my life in terms of sound that couldn't
have been any worse are you an air
traffic controller
that's a PHY oh boy wow you look like
you're in the start of a James Bond film
can you do the gun like James Bond real
quick like it'll pan and then do the
James Bond gun that was everything I
wanted it to be nice mag man big fan of
the swag that might be a testicle Jesus
please don't send me to hell is it snow
where is that cocaine that might be a
dick way it could be a banana now that
was a dick you have so many fans how
many fans do you own I think I've seen
you on vine before did you make that
blocking out the haters vine and Charon
please god no
then a handjob I don't know you are you
wait are you polishing furniture hmm
you're polishing furniture aren't you
ready we'll get the legs together
hey same old same a man can get me free
tickets to the upcoming tour he's got a
motorcycle or two pigs fucking hey which
color is the dress which colors the
dress hey what color is the dress
hey what color's the dress black and
blue or white and gold is it black and
gold or blue and gray someone finally
understand thank you what colors the
fucking dress sir a messy Nessie hey
good luck this year man oh boy
you are not not hairy that is another
dick that's one of the weirder things
ever hey who's your favorite member of
SDK who's your favorite member of SDK
hey what's your favorite weeklychris
vine that's a good one
that is a lot of Reubens that is a lot
of rebind
what's your favorite Nash Grier vine
that is a good one who's your favorite
member of SDK bye Joe he's a joke guy
you can just tell he's a joke I he wears
plain shirts he had a beard
hey man Coke or Pepsi hello father
Jeremy Lin what's your favorite Joey
Gatto video yeah what's your favorite
Nash Grier vine let's just turn up as
high as we can turn down a little bit I
think it's on trend elevate well that's
a rocket ship
you look like Ricky doing a little bit
can you say pickle and banana thank you
so much oh boy you were there we go I
got ya oh boy oh hey do some vape tricks
okay so that was my first omegle video I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
let's give it a thumbs up can we get
10,000 are there 10,000 of you that are
willing to do that also make sure to
comment down below did you like the
Omega video do you want to see more
omegle videos do you want to see less of
them
I don't just let me know please but yeah
guys that's it for me as always I will
see you guys next Friday then hey stay
average and don't don't go on a mega
what your penis out please